Remove debug logging for URL rewrite (#4754)
fastify/fastify: docs/Reference/Server.md

> Rewriting a URL will modify the `url` property of the `req` object

```js

> // req is the raw Node.js HTTP request not the FastifyRequest object
> // this is the root Fastify instance (not an encapsulated instance)
> function rewriteUrl (req) { 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// @param {object} req The raw Node.js HTTP request, not the `FastifyRequest` object.
// @this Fastify The root Fastify instance (not an encapsulated instance).
// @returns {string} The path that the request should be mapped to.
function rewriteUrl (req) { 
```
